ah the glorious day has finally come
when you can take your new baby home but
you haven't given the hospital a name
for your new bundle of joy yet
how about Barnaby or Dumbledore or not
or perhaps you want to understand your
baby's personality better before
choosing a name what's the worst that
could happen well want to see my list
number one no social security card you
might not be thinking about something
like a Social Security card or number
right after you give birth but that card
and the number on it are basically your
baby's identity for the government in
the United States without a social
security card your child won't legally
be able to get a job one day or put up
social security for their retirement not
giving your child a name will create a
lot of practical even legal problems for
them in the future too no legal
government-issued driver's license or ID
most parents don't like to think about
their child driving especially at 4 days
old but it really is a practical must
for functioning independently in life
your child has to be able to drive to
and from their future job school and
home without a legal name they won't be
able to obtain a government-issued
license plus people usually use their
license as their official identification
think about all the reasons you're asked
for your ID without one your child
wouldn't be able to open a bank account
make big purchases use the legal system
the list goes on and on 3 they won't be
able to buy a house or car in the future
that bank account and big purchases I
just mentioned your child will need a
legitimate bank account as an adult that
purchase a house in a car a name and
identity verification will need to be
associated with their bank account plus
if they don't have a name they wouldn't
be able to apply for a loan for that
future house or car
for no passport your child wouldn't be
able to see the world a passport is
another official form of identification
that you first need a legal name to get
the youngest of travelers can't get a
passport but only if they have a real
birth certificate with their legal name
on it
sometimes additional backup forms for
identification are needed as well like
say if you and your child have different
last names if your child doesn't have a
legal first name on them they won't work
number five
you'll get annoying calls from your
department of health most hospitals will
want you to name your baby within hours
of delivery there's paperwork that the
parents must fill out which includes
baby's new name if you can't decide on a
name it's possible to leave the hospital
but you'll start getting pestering calls
from your State Department of Health who
will want that paperwork I mentioned
they use this paperwork to keep track of
baby's vaccinations and other important
health information 6 your child won't be
able to vote in the u.s. once your kid
turns 18 they're allowed to exercise
their right to vote but they won't be
able to without a legal name all voting
centers will ask for a form of legal
identification for their records in the
u.s. voting also makes us eligible for
other civic duties like jury duty in
most parts of the world giving your new
baby a name is part of that child's
civil rights 7 going to the doctor might
be difficult after you leave the
hospital you'll take your baby do tons
of doctor's appointments to track his or
her weight get immunizations and make
sure that your baby's overall growth and
development is on the right track the
doctor's office will have you fill out a
bunch of paperwork and they'll want
paperwork from the hospital which would
include baby's birth certificate if
there's no name on it it'll cause a lot
of problems for your baby's health
records there's a variety of things that
your child will
health records for in the future
including school which brings me to
number eight your child needs a name for
school your child has to have a name to
attend public or private school to
enroll them in preschool or kindergarten
you'll need a birth certificate this is
one of the most frequently requested
documents for schools to verify your
child's identity if there's no legal
name on the birth certificate
no enrollment the school will also want
vaccination records that he or she
should have received at the doctor's
office if a name wasn't given your
child's medical records might be a
little hard to track down 9 getting
married might be hard
never mind the question of how a child
would build social ties without a name
let's say that somehow your child
managed to go through life four years
without a name perhaps they just respond
to hey you one day
they bring their partner home and say
that they want to get married a marriage
license is a legal document for which
you must show identification with a
legal name on it without a valid
marriage license the marriage would not
be recognized by the government this
could deny the couple certain rights
later ten filing taxes would be harder
than it already is
in the u.s. certain states require a
legal ID number or driver's license
number in order to e-file your taxes if
you live in one of these states and you
don't have a government-issued ID
because you don't have a name you might
be out of luck it would be pretty hard
to file taxes as a married couple - as
one of you doesn't have a name you'd
need your w-2s provided by your employer
as well but if you don't have a name you
probably don't have a legally recognized
job the IRS cares about your name number
11 what will you call your child beyond
this obvious practical problem our name
is one of the biggest parts of who we
are in some parts of the
girl parents don't choose a name for
their baby children are allowed to
choose one for themselves when they're
old enough without a name a child might
have an underdeveloped sense of self not
having a name doesn't just create
practical issues they could create
emotional ones 2:12 when a name is
decided on later it's a huge pain say
you leave the hospital without naming
your baby and you come up with the
perfect name days or even weeks after
you've come home adding the name to the
birth certificate once you've left the
hospital can be an expensive and lengthy
process if a name was never added to the
birth certificate the hospital may have
just filled in baby girl or baby boy or
Barnaby well not back on the name line
so this will have to be changed baby's
doctor's office will have to be informed
as will the Department of Health you'd
have a lot of paperwork to do thirteen
insurance situations might be difficult
without a name your baby needs a name in
order to add him or her to your current
policy plus other info later in life if
you need to get some type of
government-issued health insurance for
your child or a supplemental insurance a
name is definitely necessary especially
if you have a unique or complex family
situation giving the children names will
make the process for getting everyone
health insurance go much more smoothly
it'll also come in handy when each child
is issued a health insurance card
it'll help parents avoid confusion 14
names help children form social ties and
help parents spot potential early issues
not only is a child's name a big part of
their identity as I mentioned earlier it
also gives them a sense of belonging
with their friends and helps them make
new ones calling a child by name and
seeing whether they respond could help a
parents spot potential early social and
developmental issues knowing their name
as shown to improve a child's social car
and developmental skills starting off
without what could be a huge
disadvantage for a child or you could
just name them Barnaby hey if you
learned something new today then give
this video a like and share with a
friend here are some other videos I
think you'll enjoy just click to the
left or right and remember stay on the
bright side of life